ROOMS


Act so that there is no use in a centre. A wide action is not a width. A
preparation is given to the ones preparing. They do not eat who mention
silver and sweet. There was an occupation.

A whole centre and a border make hanging a way of dressing. This which
is not why there is a voice is the remains of an offering. There was no
rental.

So the tune which is there has a little piece to play, and the exercise
is all there is of a fast. The tender and true that makes no width to
hew is the time that there is question to adopt.

To begin the placing there is no wagon. There is no change lighter. It
was done. And then the spreading, that was not accomplishing that needed
standing and yet the time was not so difficult as they were not all in
place. They had no change. They were not respected. They were that, they
did it so much in the matter and this showed that that settlement was
not condensed. It was spread there. Any change was in the ends of the
centre. A heap was heavy. There was no change.

Burnt and behind and lifting a temporary stone and lifting more than a
drawer.

The instance of there being more is an instance of more. The shadow is
not shining in the way there is a black line. The truth has come. There
is a disturbance. Trusting to a baker's boy meant that there would be
very much exchanging and anyway what is the use of a covering to a door.
There is a use, they are double.

If the centre has the place then there is distribution. That is natural.
There is a contradiction and naturally returning there comes to be both
sides and the centre. That can be seen from the description.

The author of all that is in there behind the door and that is entering
in the morning. Explaining darkening and expecting relating is all of a
piece. The stove is bigger. It was of a shape that made no audience
bigger if the opening is assumed why should there not be kneeling. Any
force which is bestowed on a floor shows rubbing. This is so nice and
sweet and yet there comes the change, there comes the time to press
more air. This does not mean the same as disappearance.

A little lingering lion and a Chinese chair, all the handsome cheese
which is stone, all of it and a choice, a choice of a blotter. If it is
difficult to do it one way there is no place of similar trouble. None.
The whole arrangement is established. The end of which is that there is
a suggestion, a suggestion that there can be a different whiteness to a
wall. This was thought.

A page to a corner means that the shame is no greater when the table is
longer. A glass is of any height, it is higher, it is simpler and if it
were placed there would not be any doubt.

Something that is an erection is that which stands and feeds and
silences a tin which is swelling. This makes no diversion that is to say
what can please exaltation, that which is cooking.

A shine is that which when covered changes permission. An enclosure
blends with the same that is to say there is blending. A blend is that
which holds no mice and this is not because of a floor it is because of
nothing, it is not in a vision.

A fact is that when the place was replaced all was left that was stored
and all was retained that would not satisfy more than another. The
question is this, is it possible to suggest more to replace that thing.
This question and this perfect denial does make the time change all the
time.

The sister was not a mister. Was this a surprise. It was. The conclusion
came when there was no arrangement. All the time that there was a
question there was a decision. Replacing a casual acquaintance with an
ordinary daughter does not make a son.

It happened in a way that the time was perfect and there was a growth of
a whole dividing time so that where formerly there was no mistake there
was no mistake now. For instance before when there was a separation
there was waiting, now when there is separation there is the division
between intending and departing. This made no more mixture than there
would be if there had been no change.

A little sign of an entrance is the one that made it alike. If it were
smaller it was not alike and it was so much smaller that a table was
bigger. A table was much bigger, very much bigger. Changing that made
nothing bigger, it did not make anything bigger littler, it did not
hinder wood from not being used as leather. And this was so charming.
Harmony is so essential. Is there pleasure when there is a passage,
there is when every room is open. Every room is open when there are not
four, there were there and surely there were four, there were two
together. There is no resemblance.

A single speed, the reception of table linen, all the wonder of six
little spoons, there is no exercise.

The time came when there was a birthday. Every day was no excitement and
a birthday was added, it was added on Monday, this made the memory
clear, this which was a speech showed the chair in the middle where
there was copper.

Alike and a snail, this means Chinamen, it does there is no doubt that
to be right is more than perfect there is no doubt and glass is
confusing it confuses the substance which was of a color. Then came the
time for discrimination, it came then and it was never mentioned it was
so triumphant, it showed the whole head that had a hole and should have
a hole it showed the resemblance between silver.

Startling a starving husband is not disagreeable. The reason that
nothing is hidden is that there is no suggestion of silence. No song is
sad. A lesson is of consequence.

Blind and weak and organised and worried and betrothed and resumed and
also asked to a fast and always asked to consider and never startled and
not at all bloated, this which is no rarer than frequently is not so
astonishing when hair brushing is added. There is quiet, there certainly
is.

No eye-glasses are rotten, no window is useless and yet if air will not
come in there is a speech ready, there always is and there is no
dimness, not a bit of it.

All along the tendency to deplore the absence of more has not been
authorised. It comes to mean that with burning there is that pleasant
state of stupefication. Then there is a way of earning a living. Who is
a man.

A silence is not indicated by any motion, less is indicated by a motion,
more is not indicated it is enthralled. So sullen and so low, so much
resignation, so much refusal and so much place for a lower and an upper,
so much and yet more silence, why is not sleeping a feat why is it not
and when is there some discharge when. There never is.

If comparing a piece that is a size that is recognised as not a size but
a piece, comparing a piece with what is not recognised but what is used
as it is held by holding, comparing these two comes to be repeated.
Suppose they are put together, suppose that there is an interruption,
supposing that beginning again they are not changed as to position,
suppose all this and suppose that any five two of whom are not
separating suppose that the five are not consumed. Is there an exchange,
is there a resemblance to the sky which is admitted to be there and the
stars which can be seen. Is there. That was a question. There was no
certainty. Fitting a failing meant that any two were indifferent and yet
they were all connecting that, they were all connecting that
consideration. This did not determine rejoining a letter. This did not
make letters smaller. It did.

The stamp that is not only torn but also fitting is not any symbol. It
suggests nothing. A sack that has no opening suggests more and the loss
is not commensurate. The season gliding and the torn hangings receiving
mending all this shows an example, it shows the force of sacrifice and
likeness and disaster and a reason.

The time when there is not the question is only seen when there is a
shower. Any little thing is water.

There was a whole collection made. A damp cloth, an oyster, a single
mirror, a manikin, a student, a silent star, a single spark, a little
movement and the bed is made. This shows the disorder, it does, it shows
more likeness than anything else, it shows the single mind that directs
an apple. All the coats have a different shape, that does not mean that
they differ in color, it means a union between use and exercise and a
horse.

A plain hill, one is not that which is not white and red and green, a
plain hill makes no sunshine, it shows that without a disturber. So the
shape is there and the color and the outline and the miserable centre,
it is not very likely that there is a centre, a hill is a hill and no
hill is contained in a pink tender descender.

A can containing a curtain is a solid sentimental usage. The trouble in
both eyes does not come from the same symmetrical carpet, it comes from
there being no more disturbance than in little paper. This does show the
teeth, it shows color.

A measure is that which put up so that it shows the length has a steel
construction. Tidiness is not delicacy, it does not destroy the whole
piece, certainly not it has been measured and nothing has been cut off
and even if that has been lost there is a name, no name is signed and
left over, not any space is fitted so that moving about is plentiful.
Why is there so much resignation in a package, why is there rain, all
the same the chance has come, there is no bell to ring.

A package and a filter and even a funnel, all this together makes a
scene and supposing the question arises is hair curly, is it dark and
dusty, supposing that question arises, is brushing necessary, is it,
the whole special suddenness commences then, there is no delusion.

A cape is a cover, a cape is not a cover in summer, a cape is a cover
and the regulation is that there is no such weather. A cape is not
always a cover, a cape is not a cover when there is another, there is
always something in that thing in establishing a disposition to put
wetting where it will not do more harm. There is always that disposition
and in a way there is some use in not mentioning changing and in
establishing the temperature, there is some use in it as establishing
all that lives dimmer freer and there is no dinner in the middle of
anything. There is no such thing.

Why is a pale white not paler than blue, why is a connection made by a
stove, why is the example which is mentioned not shown to be the same,
why is there no adjustment between the place and the separate attention.
Why is there a choice in gamboling. Why is there no necessary dull
stable, why is there a single piece of any color, why is there that
sensible silence. Why is there the resistance in a mixture, why is there
no poster, why is there that in the window, why is there no suggester,
why is there no window, why is there no oyster closer. Why is there a
circular diminisher, why is there a bather, why is there no scraper, why
is there a dinner, why is there a bell ringer, why is there a duster,
why is there a section of a similar resemblance, why is there that
scissor.

South, south which is a wind is not rain, does silence choke speech or
does it not.

Lying in a conundrum, lying so makes the springs restless, lying so is a
reduction, not lying so is arrangeable.

Releasing the oldest auction that is the pleasing some still renewing.

Giving it away, not giving it away, is there any difference. Giving it
away. Not giving it away.

Almost very likely there is no seduction, almost very likely there is no
stream, certainly very likely the height is penetrated, certainly
certainly the target is cleaned. Come to sit, come to refuse, come to
surround, come slowly and age is not lessening. The time which showed
that was when there was no eclipse. All the time that resenting was
removal all that time there was breadth. No breath is shadowed, no
breath is paintaking and yet certainly what could be the use of paper,
paper shows no disorder, it shows no desertion.

Why is there a difference between one window and another, why is there
a difference, because the curtain is shorter. There is no distaste in
beefsteak or in plums or in gallons of milk water, there is no defiance
in original piling up over a roof, there is no daylight in the evening,
there is none there empty.

A tribune, a tribune does not mean paper, it means nothing more than
cake, it means more sugar, it shows the state of lengthening any nose.
The last spice is that which shows the whole evening spent in that
sleep, it shows so that walking is an alleviation, and yet this
astonishes everybody the distance is so sprightly. In all the time there
are three days, those are not passed uselessly. Any little thing is a
change that is if nothing is wasted in that cellar. All the rest of the
chairs are established.

A success, a success is alright when there are there rooms and no
vacancies, a success is alright when there is a package, success is
alright anyway and any curtain is wholesale. A curtain diminishes and an
ample space shows varnish.

One taste one tack, one taste one bottle, one taste one fish, one taste
one barometer. This shows no distinguishing sign when there is a store.

Any smile is stern and any coat is a sample. Is there any use in
changing more doors than there are committees. This question is so often
asked that squares show that they are blotters. It is so very agreeable
to hear a voice and to see all the signs of that expression.

Cadences, real cadences, real cadences and a quiet color. Careful and
curved, cake and sober, all accounts and mixture, a guess at anything is
righteous, should there be a call there would be a voice.

A line in life, a single line and a stairway, a rigid cook, no cook and
no equator, all the same there is higher than that another evasion. Did
that mean shame, it meant memory. Looking into a place that was hanging
and was visible looking into this place and seeing a chair did that mean
relief, it did, it certainly did not cause constipation and yet there is
a melody that has white for a tune when there is straw color. This shows
no face.

Star-light, what is star-light, star-light is a little light that is not
always mentioned with the sun, it is mentioned with the moon and the
sun, it is mixed up with the rest of the time.

Why is the name changed The name is changed because in the little space
there is a tree, in some space there are no trees, in every space there
is a hint of more, all this causes the decision.

Why is there education, there is education because the two tables which
are folding are not tied together with a ribbon, string is used and
string being used there is a necessity for another one and another one
not being used to hearing shows no ordinary use of any evening and yet
there is no disgrace in looking, none at all. This came to separate when
there was simple selection of an entire preoccupation.

A curtain, a curtain which is fastened discloses mourning, this does not
mean sparrows or elocution or even a whole preparation, it means that
there are ears and very often much more altogether.

Climate, climate is not southern, a little glass, a bright winter, a
strange supper an elastic tumbler, all this shows that the back is
furnished and red which is red is a dark color. An example of this is
fifteen years and a separation of regret.

China is not down when there are plates, lights are not ponderous and
incalculable.

Currents, currents are not in the air and on the floor and in the door
and behind it first. Currents do not show it plainer. This which is
mastered has so thin a space to build it all that there is plenty of
room and yet is it quarreling, it is not and the insistence is marked. A
change is in a current and there is no habitable exercise.

A religion, almost a religion, any religion, a quintal in religion, a
relying and a surface and a service in indecision and a creature and a
question and a syllable in answer and more counting and no quarrel and a
single scientific statement and no darkness and no question and an
earned administration and a single set of sisters and an outline and no
blisters and the section seeing yellow and the centre having spelling
and no solitude and no quaintness and yet solid quite so solid and the
single surface centred and the question in the placard and the
singularity, is there a singularity, and the singularity, why is there a
question and the singularity why is the surface outrageous, why is it
beautiful why is it not when there is no doubt, why is anything vacant,
why is not disturbing a centre no virtue, why is it when it is and why
is it when it is and there is no doubt, there is no doubt that the
singularity shows.

A climate, a single climate, all the time there is a single climate, any
time there is a doubt, any time there is music that is to question more
and more and there is no politeness, there is hardly any ordeal and
certainly there is no tablecloth.

This is a sound and obligingness more obligingness leads to a harmony
in hesitation.

A lake a single lake which is a pond and a little water any water which
is an ant and no burning, not any burning, all this is sudden.

A canister that is the remains of furniture and a looking-glass and a
bed-room and a larger size, all the stand is shouted and what is ancient
is practical. Should the resemblance be so that any little cover is
copied, should it be so that yards are measured, should it be so and
there be a sin, should it be so then certainly a room is big enough when
it is so empty and the corners are gathered together.

The change is mercenary that settles whitening the coloring and serving
dishes where there is metal and making yellow any yellow every color in
a shade which is expressed in a tray. This is a monster and awkward
quite awkward and the little design which is flowered which is not
strange and yet has visible writing, this is not shown all the time but
at once, after that it rests where it is and where it is in place. No
change is not needed. That does show design.

Excellent, more excellence is borrowing and slanting very slanting is
light and secret and a recitation and emigration. Certainly shoals are
shallow and nonsense more nonsense is sullen. Very little cake is water,
very little cake has that escape.

Sugar any sugar, anger every anger, lover sermon lover, centre no
distractor, all order is in a measure.

Left over to be a lamp light, left over in victory, left over in saving,
all this and negligence and bent wood and more even much more is not so
exact as a pen and a turtle and even, certainly, and even a piece of the
same experience as more.

To consider a lecture, to consider it well is so anxious and so much a
charity and really supposing there is grain and if a stubble every
stubble is urgent, will there not be a chance of legality. The sound is
sickened and the price is purchased and golden what is golden, a
clergyman, a single tax, a currency and an inner chamber.

Checking an emigration, checking it by smiling and certainly by the same
satisfactory stretch of hands that have more use for it than nothing,
and mildly not mildly a correction, not mildly even a circumstance and a
sweetness and a serenity. Powder, that has no color, if it did have
would it be white.

A whole soldier any whole soldier has no more detail than any case of
measles.

A bridge a very small bridge in a location and thunder, any thunder,
this is the capture of reversible sizing and more indeed more can be
cautious. This which makes monotony careless makes it likely that there
is an exchange in principle and more than that, change in organization.

This cloud does change with the movements of the moon and the narrow the
quite narrow suggestion of the building. It does and then when it is
settled and no sounds differ then comes the moment when cheerfulness is
so assured that there is an occasion.

A plain lap, any plain lap shows that sign, it shows that there is not
so much extension as there would be if there were more choice in
everything. And why complain of more, why complain of very much more.
Why complain at all when it is all arranged that as there is no more
opportunity and no more appeal and not even any more clinching that
certainly now some time has come.

A window has another spelling, it has "f" all together, it lacks no more
then and this is rain, this may even be something else, at any rate
there is no dedication in splendor. There is a turn of the stranger.

Catholic to be turned is to venture on youth and a section of debate, it
even means that no class where each one over fifty is regular is so
stationary that there are invitations.

A curving example makes righteous finger-nails. This is the only object
in secretion and speech.

To being the same four are no more than were taller. The rest had a big
chair and a surveyance a cold accumulation of nausea, and even more than
that, they had a disappointment.

Nothing aiming is a flower, if flowers are abundant then they are lilac,
if they are not they are white in the centre.

Dance a clean dream and an extravagant turn up, secure the steady rights
and translate more than translate the authority, show the choice and
make no more mistakes than yesterday.

This means clearness, it means a regular notion of exercise, it means
more than that, it means liking counting, it means more than that, it
does not mean exchanging a line.

Why is there more craving than there is in a mountain. This does not
seem strange to one, it does not seem strange to an echo and more surely
is in there not being a habit. Why is there so much useless suffering.
Why is there.

Any wet weather means an open window, what is attaching eating, anything
that is violent and cooking and shows weather is the same in the end and
why is there more use in something than in all that.

The cases are made and books, back books are used to secure tears and
church. They are even used to exchange black slippers. They can not be
mended with wax. They show no need of any such occasion.

A willow and no window, a wide place stranger, a wideness makes an
active center.

The sight of no pussy cat is so different that a tobacco zone is white
and cream.

A lilac, all a lilac and no mention of butter, not even bread and
butter, no butter and no occasion, not even a silent resemblance, not
more care than just enough haughty.

A safe weight is that which when it pleases is hanging. A safer weight
is one more naughty in a spectacle. The best game is that which is shiny
and scratching. Please a pease and a cracker and a wretched use of
summer.

Surprise, the only surprise has no occasion. It is an ingredient and the
section the whole section is one season.

A pecking which is petting and no worse than in the same morning is not
the only way to be continuous often.

A light in the moon the only light is on Sunday. What was the sensible
decision. The sensible decision was that notwithstanding many
declarations and more music, not even notwithstanding the choice and a
torch and a collection, notwithstanding the celebrating hat and a
vacation and even more noise than cutting, notwithstanding Europe and
Asia and being overbearing, not even notwithstanding an elephant and a
strict occasion, not even withstanding more cultivation and some
seasoning, not even with drowning and with the ocean being encircling,
not even with more likeness and any cloud, not even with terrific
sacrifice of pedestrianism and a special resolution, not even more
likely to be pleasing. The care with which the rain is wrong and the
green is wrong and the white is wrong, the care with which there is a
chair and plenty of breathing. The care with which there is incredible
justice and likeness, all this makes a magnificent asparagus, and also a
fountain.

